Vald contacts document (#373)
vdaas/vald: docs/user/contacts.md

# Contact Us

Welcome to the Vald project!!

> Vald is an open source project and we would love to hear from you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vald is an open source project and we would like to hear from you.
```

If you are interested in Vald, or you have any question about Vald, please feel free to contact us.

We recommend to communicate on slack, but using E-mail is also welcome.
 
Slack: [Vald Community](https://join.slack.com/t/vald-community/shared_invite/zt-db2ky9o4-R_9p2sVp8xRwztVa8gfnPA) 

> E-mail: vald@vdaas.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion

E-mail: vald@vdaas.org
```

Author: I think this line is unnessary.

Author: Since the contents have the same meaning, need not to put a blank line. 
What do you think?

Reviewer: I think it is easier to read, but it depends on person. Lets here kiichiro-san's comment later :)

Author: sorry. 
I preview my markdown.
It was like below.
```
Slack: Vald Community E-mail: vald@vdaas.org
```

I think your option is good.
sorry, I will fix it soon

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
E-mail: [vald@vdaas.org](mailto:vald@vdaas.org)
```

# Contact Us

Welcome to the Vald project!!

Vald is an open source project and we would like to hear from you.

> If you are interested in Vald, or you have any question about Vald, please feel free to contact us.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are interested in Vald, or you have an any question about Vald, please feel free to contact us.
```

Author: Thank you for your review.
I fix it soon.

> If you are interested in Vald, or you have an any question about Vald, please feel free to contact us.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are interested in Vald, or you have any questions about Vald, please feel free to contact us.
```

Author: Thank you for your review.
I will fix it soon

# Contacts

> The preferred way of contacting the Vald team is to the [Vald Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/vald-community/shared_invite/zt-db2ky9o4-R_9p2sVp8xRwztVa8gfnPA) or the email at vald@vdaas.org.

Reviewer: I suggest writing some introduction first. something like 
```
If you are interested in Vald, or you have any question about Vald, please contact us.
Slack:   ....
E-mail: ....
```

Author: Thank you for your review.
I fix soon.

# Contacts

> ## [Bug Report](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Fbug%2C+priority%2Fmedium%2C+team%2Fcore&template=bug_report.md&title=)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Bug Report
```
you should not add link at section title

Author: thank you for your review.
I will fix it soon.

> A bug is a demonstrable problem that is caused by code in the repository. Bug reports are helpful for developers who maintain the Vald project.

Author: Thank you for your review.
I think your suggestion is good.
I will fix it soon.

A good bug report shouldn’t leave others needing to ask you constantly for more information. So could you please try to be as detailed as possible in your bug report?

Things to check before reporting the bug:
- Check your environment

> Bug may occur depending on versions (Go, Docker, Kubernetes, NGT ..etc).

Reviewer: User shouldn't be concern about go version or NGT version
```suggestion
Bug may occur depending on different version of Vald, Kubernetes and etc.
```

> So please match versions recommended by the Vald project. 

Reviewer: Do we need to ask user to try the recommended version before reporting a bug?

Author: :memo:
This line is deleted because the user does not have to match the recommended version.

- Identify the bug
Developers need to reproduce the bug in the developers environment.
So please Identify the bug and clarify how it occurs.

> Then please clarify the expected behavior too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also please clarify the expected behavior too.
```

- Use the Github issue search

> The bug has already been reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bug may be reported before.
```

So please check the Github issue before reporting.

> ## [Proposal](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Ffeature%2C+priority%2Flow%2C+team%2Fcore&template=feature_request.md&title=)

Reviewer 3: same
```suggestion
## Proposal
```

The Vald project’s development process is design-driven. 

> The significant change to the library, or architecture must be first discussed, and sometimes formally documented before it can be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The significant change to the library, or the architecture must be discussed first. We may need a detail documentation before you proposal is implemented.
```

> The proposal is the process for reviewing a proposal and reaching a decision about whether to accept or decline the proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your proposal will be reviewed and discussed and decide whether it is accepted or declined.
```

> After the proposal is accepted or declined, please start implementations.

Reviewer: User will implement the proposal or we will implement it?

Author: :memo:
This line is deleted because it is implemented by the maintainer.

> ## [Feature Request](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Ffeature%2C+priority%2Flow%2C+team%2Fcore&template=feature_request.md&title=)

Reviewer 3: same
```suggestion
## Feature Request
```

Feature request is welcome.

> Before opening an issue, please make sure your idea fits the scope and goals of the project.

Reviewer: we need to let user knows the scope and goals before user submit feature request?

Author: :memo:
I delete the `the scope and goals`  because the user does not need to know the goal and scope of vald.

> It is up to you to make a strong claim to convince the project maintainers the benefits of the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make a strong claim to convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.
```

> Please provide as much detail as possible about the problem and solution associated with the feature request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide the problem and solution associated with the feature request as detail as possible.
```

> ## [Security Issue Report](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%2Fsecurity%2C+priority%2Fmedium%2C+team%2Fcore%2C+team%2Fsre&template=security_issue_report.md&title=)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Security Issue Report
```

> The Vald team and community take security bugs in seriously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vald team and community take serious concern about security issues.
```

# Contacts

## Table of Contents

- [Bug Report](#Bug-Report)
- [Proposal](#Proposal)
- [Feature Request](#Feature-Request)
- [Security Issue Report](#Security-Issue-Report)

### Bug Report

A bug is a demonstrable problem which produce incorrect result or to behave in unintended ways.
Bug reports are helpful for developers who maintain the Vald project.

A good bug report shouldn’t leave others needing to ask you for more information constantly.
Please try to write as detail as possible in your bug report.

Things to check before reporting a bug:
- Check your environment
Bug may occur depending on different version of Vald, Kubernetes and etc.

- Identify the bug
Developers need to reproduce the bug in the developers environment.

> So please Identify the bug and clarify how it occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So please identify the bug and clarify how it occurs.
```

> Also please clarify the expected behavior too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also clarify the expected behavior too.
```

- Use the Github issue search
The bug may be reported before.
So please check the Github issue before reporting.

### Proposal

The Vald project’s development process is design-driven. 

> The significant change to the library, or the architecture be discussed first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The significant change to the library, or the architecture will be discussed first.

```

Author: Thank you for your review.
I will fix it soon.

We may need a detail documentation before you proposal is implemented.
Your proposal will be reviewed and discussed and decide whether it is accepted or declined.

### Feature Request

Feature request is welcome.

> Before opening an issue, please make sure your idea fits the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Before opening an issue, please make sure your idea fits the project.
```

> You can make a strong claim to convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make a strong claim to convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.

```

Please provide the problem and solution associated with the feature request as detail as possible.

### Security Issue Report

> The Vald team and community take serious concern about security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vald team and community take serious concern about security issues.

```

> We appreciate your efforts to responsibly disclose your findings, and will make every effort to acknowledge your contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We appreciate your efforts to disclose your findings.
```

> We will report security bugs in third-party modules to the person or team maintaining the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the security issue is caused by third-part module, we will notify the person or team maintaining the module.
```

> # Contacts

Reviewer: I think `Contributing` is better than `Contacts`, @vankichi @hlts2 what do you think?

> 

Reviewer 3: Could you please write this document's description in one or two sentences, which will help users what contents this document describes?

## Table of Contents

- [Bug Report](#Bug-Report)
- [Proposal](#Proposal)
- [Feature Request](#Feature-Request)
- [Security Issue Report](#Security-Issue-Report)

### Bug Report

A bug is a demonstrable problem which produce incorrect result or to behave in unintended ways.
Bug reports are helpful for developers who maintain the Vald project.

> A good bug report shouldn’t leave others needing to ask you for more information constantly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A good bug report should not leave others needing to ask you for more information constantly.
```

Author: Thank you for your review.
I will fix it soon!

Please try to write as detail as possible in your bug report.

Things to check before reporting a bug:
- Check your environment

> Bug may occur depending on different version of Vald, Kubernetes and etc.

Reviewer 3: incorrect indent. please check.

- Identify the bug
Developers need to reproduce the bug in the developers environment.
So please identify the bug and clarify how it occurs.

> Please also please clarify the expected behavior too.

Reviewer 3: same

- Use the Github issue search
The bug may be reported before.

> So please check the Github issue before reporting.

Reviewer 3: same

### Proposal

> The Vald project’s development process is design-driven. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Vald is being developed based on the design-driven process.
```

> The significant change to the library, or the architecture will be discussed first.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The significant change to the library or the architecture should be discussed first.
```

> We may need a detail documentation before you proposal is implemented.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We may need detailed documentation before your proposal is implemented.
```

Your proposal will be reviewed and discussed and decide whether it is accepted or declined.

> 

Reviewer 3: How about adding `Things to check before submitting your proposal`?

### Feature Request

Feature request is welcome.

Before opening an issue, please make sure your idea fits the project.

> You can make a strong claim to convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.

Reviewer 3: `claim` does not suit this document 😅 
My suggestion is here. How do you think, also @kevindiu ?
```suggestion
You can require strongly to convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.
```

> You can make a strong claim to convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can strongly request the feature and convince the project maintainers to accept your feature request.
```

Please provide the problem and solution associated with the feature request as detail as possible.

> 

Reviewer 3: How about adding `Things to check before submitting a new feature`?

# Contact Us

Welcome to the Vald project!!

> Vald is an open source project and we would love to hear from you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Vald is an open source project and we would love to hear from you.
```

> If you are interested in Vald, or you have any question about Vald, please feel free to contact us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are interested in Vald, or you have any question about Vald, please feel free to contact us.
```

> For example, please join the [Vald Community](https://join.slack.com/t/vald-community/shared_invite/zt-db2ky9o4-R_9p2sVp8xRwztVa8gfnPA) of the slack and make contact. otherwise, please contact us by email at vald@vdaas.org

Reviewer: I think it is easier to read, what do you think?

```suggestion

We recommend to communicate on slack, but using E-mail is also welcome.
 
Slack: [Vald Community](https://join.slack.com/t/vald-community/shared_invite/zt-db2ky9o4-R_9p2sVp8xRwztVa8gfnPA) 

E-mail: vald@vdaas.org
```

Author: ok, I think your opition is better.
I fix it sonn.

> We are waiting for your contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We are waiting for your contact.
```

> # Contacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contact Us
```

Author: Thank you. I fixed it.
